LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
setup.py
agixt/Agent.py
agixt/Chain.py
agixt/DBConnection.py
agixt/Embedding.py
agixt/Extensions.py
agixt/History.py
agixt/Hub.py
agixt/Interactions.py
agixt/Memories.py
agixt/Prompts.py
agixt/Websearch.py
agixt/__init__.py
agixt/app.py
agixt/launch-backend.sh
agixt/version
agixt.egg-info/PKG-INFO
agixt.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
agixt.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
agixt.egg-info/requires.txt
agixt.egg-info/top_level.txt
agixt/WORKSPACE/example.txt
agixt/agents/gpt4free/config.json
agixt/provider/__init__.py
agixt/provider/agixt.py
agixt/provider/azure.py
agixt/provider/bard.py
agixt/provider/chatgpt.py
agixt/provider/claude.py
agixt/provider/custom.py
agixt/provider/fastchat.py
agixt/provider/gpt4all.py
agixt/provider/gpt4free.py
agixt/provider/gpugpt4all.py
agixt/provider/huggingchat.py
agixt/provider/huggingface.py
agixt/provider/kobold.py
agixt/provider/llamacpp.py
agixt/provider/llamacppapi.py
agixt/provider/oobabooga.py
agixt/provider/openai.py
agixt/provider/palm.py
agixt/provider/poe.py
agixt/provider/runpod.py
agixt/provider/transformer.py
docs/.gitignore
docs/README.md
docs/1-Getting started/Quick Start.md
docs/1-Getting started/Screenshots.md
docs/1-Getting started/Support.md
docs/2-Concepts/0-Core Concepts.md
docs/2-Concepts/Agents.md
docs/2-Concepts/Chains.md
docs/2-Concepts/Chat.md
docs/2-Concepts/Commands.md
docs/2-Concepts/Instructions.md
docs/2-Concepts/Prompts.md
docs/2-Concepts/Providers.md
docs/2-Concepts/Smart Chat.md
docs/2-Concepts/Smart Instruct.md
docs/2-Concepts/Smart Task Chains.md
docs/2-Concepts/Task Chains.md
docs/3-Providers/Anthropic Claude.md
docs/3-Providers/Azure OpenAI.md
docs/3-Providers/ChatGPT.md
docs/3-Providers/Custom OpenAI Style Provider.md
docs/3-Providers/FastChat.md
docs/3-Providers/GPT4ALL-GPU.md
docs/3-Providers/GPT4ALL.md
docs/3-Providers/GPT4Free.md
docs/3-Providers/Google Bard.md
docs/3-Providers/Google Palm.md
docs/3-Providers/Hugging Face Transformers.md
docs/3-Providers/HuggingChat.md
docs/3-Providers/Kobold.md
docs/3-Providers/Microsoft Bing.md
docs/3-Providers/Oobabooga Text Generation Web UI.md
docs/3-Providers/OpenAI.md
docs/3-Providers/Poe.md
docs/3-Providers/llamacpp API.md
docs/3-Providers/llamacpp.md
docs/images/AGiXT-gradient-flat.svg
docs/images/AGiXT-gradient-light.svg
docs/images/AGiXT.png
docs/images/AGiXT.svg
docs/images/AGiXT_Original_PSD.psd
docs/images/AGiXTwhiteborder.svg
docs/images/Docker-desktop-win-setting-streamlit.png
docs/images/Smart Instruct.drawio
docs/images/Smart Instruct.drawio.svg
docs/images/Smart Tasks.drawio
docs/images/Smart Tasks.drawio.svg
docs/images/Untitled Diagram.drawio
docs/images/db.dbdiagram
tests/test-commands.ipynb
tests/test.txt
tests/tests.ipynb